docs: add note about using NG_ASYNC_VALIDATORS (#44764)
angular/angular: aio/content/guide/form-validation.md

After some time passes, the observable chain completes and the asynchronous validation is done.
The `pending` flag is set to `false`, and the form validity is updated.

### Adding async validators to reactive forms

In reactive forms, add an async validator by passing the function directly to the `FormControl`.

<code-example path="form-validation/src/app/reactive/hero-form-reactive.component.2.ts" region="async-validator"></code-example>

### Adding async validators to template-driven forms

> To use an async validator in template-driven forms, register it with the `NG_ASYNC_VALIDATORS` provider.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use an async validator in template-driven forms, create a new directive and register the `NG_ASYNC_VALIDATORS` provider on it.

In the example below, the directive injects the `UniqueAlterEgoValidator` class that contains the actual validation logic and invokes it in the `validate` function, triggered by Angular when validation should happen.
```
